359: You try in vain to avoid the arrow, but it pierces your arm. As you do your best to tend your wound, your gaze returns to the stone mask and you realize that this trap is triggered when you get too close. Next time, you’d do well to steer clear of the stone mask. You lose 2 health points.
361: “You!”the prisoner shrieks. "You work for the League! Your ragged clothes don't fool me! You did all the legwork for Berengar and helped him to find the tombs. 1 even spoke to you once in the laboratory. What brings you to this dungeon!"Only when you can credibly assure her that you’re imprisoned here, too, does she calm down a little. Read entry 561.
362: Now’s your chance! When the guard appears, you throw the knife. He hears you though, stops abruptly, and spins round to face you. The knife flies past him without even grazing him. As you brace for his counter, you catch sight of the look of panic in his eyes. "Those claws! Those glowing eyes! Flee while you still can!" He sobs and runs away across the drawbridge. Return adventure card 24 and room card E to the box. Take room card R to replace room card E. You noiselessly creep in. Place all your character figures on room card R and read entry R.
371: A member of the League sits at a desk. He uses a quill to write on the parchment with concentration, then on a large map. When he writes, he doesn’t leave any ink or other marks on the documents. What could this mean? Read entry 971.
383: You carefully remove the loose stone and peek inside the cavity. You can only make out dirt and a few worms burrowing in the earth. You're just about to replace the stone when you notice several notches on the back of it. Take adventure card 37. Does anyone have adventure card 76? If so, then read entry 483.
400: Congratulations! You’ve successfully completed the adventure. Make a note of how many points you have received or lost through adventure cards bearing this symbol <!>. For each health point you will receive another point. Your total score will be shown after this message. Thanks for playing!
401: It looks like the iron grating in the floor runs into a drain. You try lifting it out, but it’s heavier than it looks and won't budge. For an instant, you think you see something glittering far below. You’re not sure whether your arm is long enough to reach it though. Do you want to try anyway? If so, then read entry 122.
402: An alchemical experiment is being performed on the desk. You spot several receptacles connected with glass tubes containing various liquids. A little bottle of bubbling liquid at the end of a flask catches your eye. Take adventure card 32.
403: The shaft furthest away from you is very steep and seems to lead deeper into the depths. You notice claw marks at its entrance. If you’re really sure that you want to explore the shaft, then read entry 903.
404: The cell door is secured with a golden lock. Do you have adventure card 77? If so, then read entry 522. Otherwise, read entry 222.
405: You go up the stairs of the middle passageway and find yourself in a long corridor. You sense danger ahead, but keep going. "Pah, what could possibly happen!" You stride on boldly and the corridor soon begins to widen again. After a few more steps, you spot a mighty portal. Take room card D and place it above room card C. Read entry E.
406: A tangle of chains hang from the ceiling. A rusty metal hook hangs from one of the chains. You shudder when you contemplate what they’ve been used for. Take adventure card 36.
407: Are you exploring this location for the first time? If so, then read entry 468. If not, read on here.Edric greets you warmly: "Ah, it's you again. Do you maybe still want to buy something!" To purchase a medicinal herb, return 1 coin to the box and take adventure card 18. To purchase a ring, return 2 coins to the box and take adventure card 19. To purchase a bronze key, return 1 coin to the box and take adventure card 20. You can purchase as many items as you can afford. You can talk to Edric at anytime, to make another bargain.
408: Maybe there’s something hidden in that heap of sand in the corner of the room. You dig down almost to the bottom and actually do find something. Take adventure card 34.
409: One of the stone slabs in the floor just near you wobbles when you step on it. Is something maybe hidden underneath it? Do you want to lift the stone up and take a look underneath? If so, then read entry 322.
410: You stand at the edge of the ravine and look across. It’s too far to jump and a glance down reveals that the sides are too sheer to climb down. At the bottom of the ravine, you can make out a symbol: a diamond enclosed in a circle.
411: The top crate has a big crack in its side. You reach in and discover a large Mother-of-Pearl tile. Take adventure card 56.
412: Upon reaching the drawbridge’s antechamber, you quickly conceal yourselves in the shadows. For you can already see Berengar blocking your way on the drawbridge. This is now your last chance to return to the dungeon again. You have four more turns to play. Adventure card 66 will turn 90° in a clockwise direction after each turn. Once he is facing upright again, you must face him. Then read entry 500.
414: You walk around the room along the far wall across to the other side of the chamber, as you’ve spotted something glittering in the far corner. Upon reaching the other side, you push the stones aside. You find a gemstone! But what’s that? It is lodged in an almost transparent layer of crystal, and it is stuck in place. Do you have adventure card 75? If so, then read entry 514.
415: You draw closer to the large stone basin at the center of the chamber. It is made from an unfamiliar type of dark rock and bears a strange inscription. This is where Berengar is going to perform his alchemical experiment to awaken the stone golems’ If only there were a way to destroy the basin! Do you have adventure card 74? If so, then read entry 615.
422: You squint into the dark but can’t make anything out. Greenish gas suddenly begins to rise from inside the tunnel! Breathing it in makes you cough and choke. Then everything goes black. All players currently on Room Card i lose 1 health point. You come to a few momements later. Most of the gas has now dispersed and you suck in fresh air-- as fresh as air can be in a dungeon.
425: As you put the vial to your lips to drink, you catch a whiff of the pungent stench of burned metal and hesitate. Maybe it would be better not to drink it after all.
444: Surprised by the ferocity, you keep a safe distance. “Calm down! I’m not a guard, but a prisoner just like you!" you shout. "I managed to escape my cell and am now looking for a way out. And for my friend Berengar. Maybe you have seen him?" It’s quiet for a moment. Then the prisoner answers with a growl: “No ... But if you get me out of here, I'll fight for you!"
445: You once again find yourself at a fork in the passageway. To go left, read entry 846. To go right, read entry 946.
447: When Brigh realizes you’re in danger, she valiantly throws herself between you and the beast. With her incredible strength, she’s able to keep the monster at bay while you quickly flee through the trapdoor. Place your character figure on room card H. Hot on your heels, Brigh squeezes through the trapdoor right behind you and just manages to close it in time. Amazingly, she has only suffered a few scratches. “Ihe beast isn’t that terrible, "she whispers before limping past you down the steps.
452: “His eyes betray him; He fears the scepter! That’s how we'll stop him. ” The vision slowly fades and you’re filled with resolve.
453: Suddenly, you have a sense of deja vu and stop abruptly. In your mind’s eye, you see something big and jagged lying on the floor of the tunnel. You leap over the invisible obstacle and continue cautiously on your way. Read entry 653.
454: The prisoner grabs you by the collar through the bars, lifts you up seemingly effortlessly, and shakes you. Then she lets you fall like a sack of potatoes. You lose 1 health point. Read entry 444.
455: “One of the guards lost this bottle a while ago. Maybe you can find a use for it. ” Take adventure card 70.
456: fhe small baby dragon is all aflutter and wriggles in your arms. Do you want to release it? If so, take ending card E1 and read it out loud. If not, read entry 600.
457: In the crystal ball, you can see ... yourself? “Very carefully now ...” You slowly stir a red potion and a blue potion together. You have created an unbelievably powerful potion that destroys unnatural beings. “It's a good thing that no one else knows the formula. ” Read entry 757.
459: You clumsily stumble right into the arrows path and it pierces your leg! Lying on the ground, you do your best to tend to your wound and close your eyes briefly. Suddenly, you have a vision: the door opens slowly and bright sunlight floods in from outside! Could this be the way out of this dungeon and your route to freedom? You lose 2 health points.
461: “You!” the prisoner shrieks. “You work for the League! Your ragged clothes don’t fool me! You worked in the laboratory on those terrible experiments and prepared the potions for Berengar! Leave me alone!” Without warning, she lobs a stone at your head! Only when you can credibly assure her that you’re imprisoned here, too,does she calm down a little. You lose 1 health point. Read entry 561.
462: The guard runs straight past you! As he flees over the drawbridge, you hear him sobbing in fear: “Those claws! Those glowing eyes! I’m getting out of here!!!” Return room card E to the box. Take room card R to replace room card E. You noiselessly creep in. Read entry R.
471: In the stairwell, your eyes are drawn to a stained glass window. There’s a piece missing in one corner. You blink once, then its complete again. That’s odd ... Something about the stairs has changed ...Read entry 971.
475: When Monte sees your makeshift tool, he remarks: “That reminds me of something I came upon one day while digging: a stone wall with a metal grating leading into the sewers. Behind it was a little chamber in which there was the most beautiful scepter! I couldn’t get inside, but there was another grating in the chamber’s ceiling. Your rope might just be long enough to let it down from above and catch the scepter with the hook! If only I could remember where it was...”
483: Nuha studies the stone, then says: “I’m sure these markings represent dangers that you will encounter in the dungeon. And the crosses mark the things that you’d better not touch!”
500: The end is nigh! Just as you want to go for it, you spot two shells in the shadows. Take adventure card 92. How odd. But now it is time to stop Berengar. Do you have adventure card 62? If so, then read entry 456. Otherwise, read entry 600.
501: Who knows what the loose brick might be useful for. Take adventure card 10.
502: On the wall to your right is a door with a silver lock. You rattle it, but the door and lock seem very robust. You won’t be able to get through without the key.
503: A message hangs from one of the supporting beams, clearly visible: “Mine excavation in progress. Whoever fails to meet the targets will be severely punished. ”
504: You continue up the stairs until you reach a section of worn steps. You warily place your foot on the next step and a few pieces break off and fall to the depths. What now? Then you notice that each step has a little marking! Who knows, maybe it will work if you walk on the steps in the correct order. Do you know the right combination? Then read the six-digit entry XYZ504, completing the combination with the three digits of your choice (X, Y, and Z). Does anyone have adventure card 76? If so, then read entry 622.
505: You pull the left lever and hear a rumble above you. You look up and your eyes widen in horror as a huge stone comes loose from the ceiling above you and falls on your shoulder. You lose 1 health point.
506: No, you really don’t want to sit down on it. Just the thought makes you feel queasy.
507: You make out a big barrel with a tap stuck in it at the back of the room. Could that...? Red wine splashes out onto the floor when you turn the tap on. You quickly kneel in front of it and gulp down a few mouthfuls.
508: You examine the large statue. Time has left its mark. Who knows how many centuries it’s been standing here. The sculptor must have run out of ideas by the time he got to the head, though — or out of time.
509: You look up with disgust at the huge network of spider webs in the corner and contemplate what its inhabitant eats here. Suddenly, you realize that a huge spider has crawled onto your hand. You freeze. The spider also looks at you with its eight eyes for a split second before biting you. The spider seems just as scared as you are. As the pain begins to spread, you shake it off in panic. Take adventure card 26.
510: Now that the ravine has been filled with water, you can easily swim across. You emerge from the water beneath the dark stone archway and squeeze through it. You’ve finally found the tomb in the eastern wing! You shudder when you think of the terrible power that Berengar wishes to unleash here! You have unlocked room card P. Read entry P.
511: With a little patience, you manage to break the damaged side of the crate open enough to take a look inside. Instead of the riches you’d hoped for, a huge centipede comes scuttling out and bites you. You lose 2 health points.
513: Drawn by the aura of power that the throne radiates, you sit down. It doesn’t seem to be meant for you, though. From the moment you sit down, pain sears through your body and you fall to the ground. You lose 1 health point.
514: With narrowed eyes, Jin bends down to look at your find: “Isn't this topaz beautiful? A rare specimen to find in less precious feldspar! You'll need something very hard — ideally a polished diamond — to get the gemstone out. ”
515: The engravings on the tomb depict a fearsome monster. A closer look at the tomb’s carvings makes your hair stand on end, and you turn away with a shudder. You dread the thought that Berengar might actually manage to awaken these creatures.
522: You’ve already freed this prisoner — the cell is empty.
525: Surely this stuff can’t do that much damage, can it? So you take a little sip and wait expectantly for the potion to take effect. The watery taste doesn’t seem very promising. After a while, you still haven’t felt anything. Maybe you need to add something a little stronger?
544: When you look through the bars in the door, you see a very old man leaning back against the wall. You clear your throat quietly so that he notices you. He turns slowly to look at you: “Well, what have we here? You don't look like a guard to me. Then my congrats on your escape!" Then he grins at you. Curious, you ask him: “How long have you been down here?" He considers for a moment. “I've long since stopped counting the years. When I first arrived here, I was still young and had a full head of hair. But that was a long time ago. I've been working in these mines ever since. Digging up stones and earth, day in, day out. But where are my manners? I'm Monte. It's nice to meet you!" His smile reminds you a little of your friend Berengar and you return Monte’s warm greeting. “Say Monte, do you know what's beyond the stairs?" He frowns. “I'm afraid not. All I know is that it's very dangerous, as the guards mentioned a trap. So I'd be careful if I were you. "
545: You get lost in the darkness and lose all sense of time. Stumbling around blindly, you manage to hit your head. Eventually, you find yourself back where you started on room card N. You lose 2 health points.
547: Before you can even react, the beast has pounced on you and inflicteddeep wounds to your arm and cheek. Taken by surprise, you stumble backwards through the trapdoor. As luck would have it, you manage to slam the trapdoor closed behind you as you fall. You lose 2 health points.
562: The guard gives you a scowl, then runs toward you to attack you with his spear. At the last second, you manage to deflect his weapon with your knife. When the guard sees that you’re armed, the expression of grim determination vanishes from his face. “That's enough! You can just rot here -— if that's what you really want!" At this, he turns on his heel and storms off. Relieved, you look round at each other and help Edric to his feet. As you slowly catch your breath, you check yourselves over. The struggle with the guard has taken its toll. The force of the attack has completely destroyed your knife’s blade, too. What’s more, you’ve all suffered injuries of varying degrees of severity. Return adventure card 24 to the box. As a group, you must give up 2 health points. You can divide these points up among yourselves, however you wish. Then read entry 762.
575: When Monte sees what the electric eel has done to you, he says: “Today isn't your lucky day, is it? Here, maybe this can help you. ” Select an adventure card from among adventure cards 70, 71, 72 or 73 without looking at them. If a card isn’t available any more, take one of the others. Return the remaining of these adventure cards to the adventure deck.
600: Check how many health points your group still has in total. If you have 6 or less health points as a group, take ending card E2 and read it out loud.Do you have more than 6 health points and adventure card 77? If so, then take ending card E3 and read it out loud. Do you have more than 6 health points, but you don’t have adventure card 77? Then take ending card E4 and read it out loud. 
601: You reach under the bunk and feel something small and metallic in the dark.Take adventure card 13.
602: You discover a dusty scroll in the desk’s only drawer. Take adventure card 27.
605: You try pulling the lever down, but it won’t budge. Maybe it’s rusty?
606: On the back wall is a little shelf laden with all sorts of horrific implements and a little vial. Take adventure card 43.
607: You climb up onto the table to reach the top shelf on the wall to the left. As you fumble around, your hand closes around a coin! Take adventure card 21.
608: At the foot of the damaged statue is a little stone slab. When you knock on it, you realize that the cavity behind it must be hollow. Unfortunately, you can’t see a way to open it. There’s a little groove in the shape of a lightning bolt at the center of the stone slab though.
609: You see a message scrawled on the stone wall: “Beware of the beast from the depths!”
610: When Nuha catches sight of the chamber and the statue, she exclaims: “Look closely at the suns rays here. If we can direct them at the right angle, they will shine exactly on the archway beyond the ravine. ”
611: the crate is so rotten that you can easily reach through the soft wood. Take adventure card 50.
615: Monte studies the basin and inscription with a look of concern on his face.“The stone that this basin is made from is extremely dangerous. A few years ago when I was digging deep in the mines, Ifound a small piece of it. If it is exposed to sunlight, it begins to smoke and then explodes a short time later. Be warned!”
622: Perplexed, you study the steps with markings. Nuha also eyes the symbols briefly, but then looks past you towards the stained glass window. “I think the markings have something to do with that. The missing piece of glass will reveal the order that we should walk on the steps. ”
625: The red potion has barely touched your lips when the madness releases you from its grip. Take adventure card 86.
645: The passageway goes on for some time, then opens out into a vast chamber full of spider webs. As you examine the chamber more closely, your entire body begins to tingle. When you look down, you see that you’re covered in tiny little hairy spiders. Before you can shake them off, some of them have already bitten you. You lose 1 health point. This place certainly isn’t for arachnophobes! But why are they here? “You normally like it far warmer...” These words have barely left your lips when you begin to feel warmth on your skin. After a brief search, you come upon something quite fascinating. Take adventure card 61. Now return to your starting point on room card N.
653: You’ve reached a spectacular underground chamber. Read entry J.
662: The guard gives you a scowl, then runs towards you to attack you with his spear. You fight with your bare fists. When your combined strength finally allows you to gain the upper hand in this mismatched struggle, the situation gets a little too hairy for the guard: “That's enough! You can just rot here — if that's what you really want!” At this, he turns on his heel and storms off.Relieved, you look round at each other and help Edric to his feet. As you slowly catch your breath, you check yourselves over. The struggle with the guard has taken its toll. Your selfless intervention has not left you unscathed. As a group, you must give up 4 health points. You can divide these points up among yourselves, however you wish. Then read entry 762.
701: On the bunk is a small metal box. Unfortunately, it’s locked and there’s no keyhole. At first glance, you can’t see a way to open it.
702: As you browse through the pots and jars, you come across something that you might find useful. Take adventure card 29.
703: After a while, you feel something cold and hard. Take adventure card 64. Does anyone have adventure card 75? If so, then read entry 144. Or do you want to keep digging? Then read entry 803.
705: You pull down firmly on the lever, but it seems to be stuck. Is room card D already in play? If so, then read entry 165. Otherwise, nothing happens. But something tells you that you might be able to make progress here later.
706: Going by the smell, this passageway leads to the sewers. Using a little force, you manage to open the heavy grating. Read entry N.
707: To the right is a heavy door. Since it has neither a lock nor a handle, it is impossible to open it from this side.
709: You feel around the edges of the door with your fingers and feel a slight draft. Could this way lead to freedom? You’ll need three bronze keys to open the three bronze locks first though.If you have three bronze keys, you can use them here: arrange the card numbers in ascending order and read the corresponding six-digit entry.
711: Peering through the rusty iron grating on the wall, you can make out a prisoner in the half-light of the cell. She mutters to herself incessantly in amelodic voice: “Food, food, food... Tasty bread, steaming hot soup, crunchy beetles ... something to chew ...” Do you have adventure card 75? If so, then read entry 861. Otherwise, read entry 811.
713: “So be it!" You resolve to attack Berengar together. Does anyone have adventure card 77? If so, then read entry 183. Otherwise, read entry 283.
725: The red potion has a bittersweet taste. Not bad! It doesn’t seem to have any effect otherwise, though.
745: You trip in the dark and twist your ankle. Wincing in pain, you hobble back to your starting point on room card N. You lose 2 health points.
757: Was that really you? An uneasy feeling creeps over you. Maybe your old self made decisions that you would now question ...You hear a loud crack and the crystal ball splits in two. You drop it in surprise and it smashes to the ground, shattering into a thousand pieces. Adventure card 82 is discarded.
762: Edric holds out his hands to you. “Thank you, my friends! I think the guard came upon me by chance. I remember the look in his eyes when he turned back towards me. He was scared to death! Then he stumbled into me. You saw the rest yourselves. Tfit weren't for you, I'd be dead now. Please take this as a token of my gratitude!" Edric rummages through his bag and pulls something out.Select an adventure card from among adventure cards 70, 71, 72, and 73 without looking at them. If a card isn’t available any more, take one of the others. Return the remaining adventure cards to the adventure deck. Read entry R.
801: The bunk creaks as you stand on it to examine the window. The bars are too close together to squeeze through. When you rattle them, you notice that one of the iron bars is loose though. Take adventure card 11.
802: The heavy trapdoor is bolted with a silver lock. You rattle it, but won’t be able to get it open without the right key.
803: There must be more! You dig deeper and deeper until the rubble suddenly crumbles away beneath your fingers and drops into a hollow cavity. You’re still staring at it when a greenish gas begins to rise from inside! Breathing it in makes you cough and choke. Then everything goes black. You come to a few moments later. Most of the gas has now dispersed and you suck in fresh air — as fresh as the air can be in a dungeon. All of the players currently on room card i lose 1 health point.
805: The sign above the doorway says, "Guards’quarters. ” You gingerly try the handle and find that the door is unlocked. You listen out briefly for sounds, but can’t hear anything. ‘I wonder what’s in here?” Do you want to open the door quietly and carefully take a look inside? If so, then click "Yes" and then read entry 141. Or do you want to rush into the room ready for battle? Then click "No" and read entry 156. Alternatively, you can click Cancel to retreat quietly.
807: The door has obviously been opened from the inside and is now ajar. Your curiosity gets the better of you, and you peek round the stone door that the guard came through to see where it leads. Read entry G.
809: You find a coin in the woodpile. Take adventure card 23.
811: As you approach the cell, the prisoner crawls over to the iron grating and stares at you wordlessly. Take adventure card 87 and read it out loud. If it is no longer available, read entry 561 instead.
822: "That’s easy!” says Nuha. "You must find three white discs of different shapes. Arrange them in size order, then count the number of sides on each disc. You should then be able to use the three-digit number to activate the machine that the guard mentioned. ”
846: You’ve only just turned the corner when a stone falls from the darkness above you onto your head. You fall to the ground in pain and crawl back to your starting point on room card N. You lose 2 health points.
861: When Jin sees the prisoner, he whispers to you: "A while ago, I heard the guards talking about a traitor among the ranks of the League of Guardians. Maybe shell exchange something usefulfor food?” Read entry 811.
888: Curious, you follow it. Several passageways branch off and at one point, you think you hear the sound of water. The rat doesn’t let itself be distracted, though, and continues to scamper along happily. You finally reach a gloomy chamber filled with spider webs. You struggle to keep sight of the rat in the dim light. Suddenly, it scurries behind a shapeless form and moments later you hear the sound of gnawing. You creep closer and find yourself standing next to an egg- shaped object that you notice is giving off a fair amount of heat. That’s what drew the rat here! Pretty smart. It has now finished its meal and turns its little eyes up to look at you expectantly.'Take adventure cards 61 and 91. Now return to your starting point on room card N.
901: With a queasy feeling in your stomach, you peek through the hole in the door. There can’t be any guards around, or else they would have heard you trying to break out. With a sigh of relief, you realize that the coast is clear and you can’t see anyone in the torchlight. Read entry C.
902: Nuha looks down at the paper, frowning. "I cant read these symbols, but look at this! A page has been torn out. So we only have half the message. Maybe the other half will shed some light?”
903: You carefully clamber down, but hesitate when you see that the passageway at the bottom leads deeper underground. Take adventure card 84 and read it out loud.
904: A young woman is standing in the cell. She looks at you with a scared expression on her face. “Goodness, you frightened me! I thought you were the beast!” You stop short and ask: “What beast?” Surprised at your ignorance, she replies:“Since yesterday, I’ve kept hearing something ghastly howling down in the depths of the dungeon. Before the guards fled, I overheard a conversation. They were worried about an experiment that had apparently awoken something terrible. Something that the League could use to enslave the entire kingdom!”This is disturbing news. You decide to ask her one last question: “Do you perhaps know what’s happened to my friend Berengar?”“Berengar? I don’t know much, but I did hear a few of the guards mention that name when they were talking about the tower. Maybe that’s where they’re keeping him? Be careful though: apparently there’s a trap there. It’s a shame I’m locked up here, or else I’d gladly help you out — I’m pretty good at solving riddles!”
909: As you fumble around in the barrel, your hand closes around a coin. Take adventure card 22.
912: You’ve barely recovered from your battle when you notice the scepter beginto glow. You’re filled with new confidence and determination. In the light ofthe scepter, you watch as a ghostly figure begins to take shape. It looks at eachof you in turn. Then it turns towards the castle and disappears as suddenly as it appeared. The scepter’s glow also fades abruptly, leaving you unsure whether you imagined it “Pinch me. Did you see that too?” “As clearly as I see you standing before me!” “It looked a bit like the statue of the founder of the League of Guardians!” A disbelieving silence hangs over you. Then you look towards the castle. It suddenly appears far less gloomy to you. “Friends, how about we resurrect the League of Guardians?” “That’s a great idea! Maybe we can make amends for some of the evil caused by Berengar. ” Read entry 400.
946: After quite some time, you reach a stone door. You push on it with all your might and it swings open. Behind it is a vast chamber carved out of rock. Read entry O.
971: The vision then ends and you gradually return to your senses. Next time, you should be more careful what potions you drink. Adventure card 78 is discarded.